.TH "Shopify.Unity.GraphQL.ArticleQuery" 3 "Achroma" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Shopify.Unity.GraphQL.ArticleQuery \- An article in an online store blog\&.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP (StringBuilder query)"
.br
.RI "ArticleQuery is used to build queries\&. Typically ArticleQuery will not be used directly but instead will be used when building queries from either QueryRootQuery or MutationQuery\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBauthor\fP (ArticleAuthorDelegate buildQuery)"
.br
.RI "The article's author\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBauthorV2\fP (ArticleAuthorDelegate buildQuery)"
.br
.RI "The article's author\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBblog\fP (BlogDelegate buildQuery)"
.br
.RI "The blog that the article belongs to\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBcomments\fP (CommentConnectionDelegate buildQuery, long? first=null, string after=null, long? last=null, string before=null, bool? reverse=null, string alias=null)"
.br
.RI "List of comments posted on the article\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBcontent\fP (long? truncateAt=null, string alias=null)"
.br
.RI "Stripped content of the article, single line with HTML tags removed\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBcontentHtml\fP ()"
.br
.RI "The content of the article, complete with HTML formatting\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBexcerpt\fP (long? truncateAt=null, string alias=null)"
.br
.RI "Stripped excerpt of the article, single line with HTML tags removed\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBexcerptHtml\fP ()"
.br
.RI "The excerpt of the article, complete with HTML formatting\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBhandle\fP ()"
.br
.RI "A human-friendly unique string for the Article automatically generated from its title\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBid\fP ()"
.br
.RI "Globally unique identifier\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBimage\fP (ImageDelegate buildQuery, long? maxWidth=null, long? maxHeight=null, \fBCropRegion\fP? crop=null, long? scale=null, string alias=null)"
.br
.RI "The image associated with the article\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBpublishedAt\fP ()"
.br
.RI "The date and time when the article was published\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBseo\fP (SeoDelegate buildQuery)"
.br
.RI "The article’s SEO information\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBtags\fP ()"
.br
.RI "A categorization that a article can be tagged with\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBtitle\fP ()"
.br
.RI "The article’s name\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArticleQuery\fP \fBurl\fP ()"
.br
.RI "The url pointing to the article accessible from the web\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
An article in an online store blog\&. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBArticleQuery\fP Shopify\&.Unity\&.GraphQL\&.ArticleQuery\&.author (ArticleAuthorDelegate buildQuery)"

.PP
The article's author\&. 
.PP
\fBDeprecated\fP
.RS 4
Use \fCauthorV2\fP instead 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBArticleQuery\fP Shopify\&.Unity\&.GraphQL\&.ArticleQuery\&.comments (CommentConnectionDelegate buildQuery, long? first = \fCnull\fP, string after = \fCnull\fP, long? last = \fCnull\fP, string before = \fCnull\fP, bool? reverse = \fCnull\fP, string alias = \fCnull\fP)"

.PP
List of comments posted on the article\&. 
.PP
\fBParameters\fP
.RS 4
\fIfirst\fP Returns up to the first \fCn\fP elements from the list\&. 
.br
\fIafter\fP Returns the elements that come after the specified cursor\&. 
.br
\fIlast\fP Returns up to the last \fCn\fP elements from the list\&. 
.br
\fIbefore\fP Returns the elements that come before the specified cursor\&. 
.br
\fIreverse\fP Reverse the order of the underlying list\&. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBArticleQuery\fP Shopify\&.Unity\&.GraphQL\&.ArticleQuery\&.content (long? truncateAt = \fCnull\fP, string alias = \fCnull\fP)"

.PP
Stripped content of the article, single line with HTML tags removed\&. 
.PP
\fBParameters\fP
.RS 4
\fItruncateAt\fP Truncates string after the given length\&. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBArticleQuery\fP Shopify\&.Unity\&.GraphQL\&.ArticleQuery\&.excerpt (long? truncateAt = \fCnull\fP, string alias = \fCnull\fP)"

.PP
Stripped excerpt of the article, single line with HTML tags removed\&. 
.PP
\fBParameters\fP
.RS 4
\fItruncateAt\fP Truncates string after the given length\&. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBArticleQuery\fP Shopify\&.Unity\&.GraphQL\&.ArticleQuery\&.image (ImageDelegate buildQuery, long? maxWidth = \fCnull\fP, long? maxHeight = \fCnull\fP, \fBCropRegion\fP? crop = \fCnull\fP, long? scale = \fCnull\fP, string alias = \fCnull\fP)"

.PP
The image associated with the article\&. 
.PP
\fBParameters\fP
.RS 4
\fImaxWidth\fP Image width in pixels between 1 and 2048\&. This argument is deprecated: Use \fCmaxWidth\fP on \fCImage\&.transformedSrc\fP instead\&. 
.br
\fImaxHeight\fP Image height in pixels between 1 and 2048\&. This argument is deprecated: Use \fCmaxHeight\fP on \fCImage\&.transformedSrc\fP instead\&. 
.br
\fIcrop\fP Crops the image according to the specified region\&. This argument is deprecated: Use \fCcrop\fP on \fCImage\&.transformedSrc\fP instead\&. 
.br
\fIscale\fP Image size multiplier for high-resolution retina displays\&. Must be between 1 and 3\&. This argument is deprecated: Use \fCscale\fP on \fCImage\&.transformedSrc\fP instead\&. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Achroma from the source code\&.
