.TH "Shopify.Unity.GraphQL.FulfillmentQuery" 3 "Achroma" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Shopify.Unity.GraphQL.FulfillmentQuery \- Represents a single fulfillment in an order\&.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFulfillmentQuery\fP (StringBuilder query)"
.br
.RI "FulfillmentQuery is used to build queries\&. Typically FulfillmentQuery will not be used directly but instead will be used when building queries from either QueryRootQuery or MutationQuery\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFulfillmentQuery\fP \fBfulfillmentLineItems\fP (FulfillmentLineItemConnectionDelegate buildQuery, long? first=null, string after=null, long? last=null, string before=null, bool? reverse=null, string alias=null)"
.br
.RI "List of the fulfillment's line items\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFulfillmentQuery\fP \fBtrackingCompany\fP ()"
.br
.RI "The name of the tracking company\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFulfillmentQuery\fP \fBtrackingInfo\fP (FulfillmentTrackingInfoDelegate buildQuery, long? first=null, string alias=null)"
.br
.RI "Tracking information associated with the fulfillment, such as the tracking number and tracking URL\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Represents a single fulfillment in an order\&. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBFulfillmentQuery\fP Shopify\&.Unity\&.GraphQL\&.FulfillmentQuery\&.fulfillmentLineItems (FulfillmentLineItemConnectionDelegate buildQuery, long? first = \fCnull\fP, string after = \fCnull\fP, long? last = \fCnull\fP, string before = \fCnull\fP, bool? reverse = \fCnull\fP, string alias = \fCnull\fP)"

.PP
List of the fulfillment's line items\&. 
.PP
\fBParameters\fP
.RS 4
\fIfirst\fP Returns up to the first \fCn\fP elements from the list\&. 
.br
\fIafter\fP Returns the elements that come after the specified cursor\&. 
.br
\fIlast\fP Returns up to the last \fCn\fP elements from the list\&. 
.br
\fIbefore\fP Returns the elements that come before the specified cursor\&. 
.br
\fIreverse\fP Reverse the order of the underlying list\&. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBFulfillmentQuery\fP Shopify\&.Unity\&.GraphQL\&.FulfillmentQuery\&.trackingInfo (FulfillmentTrackingInfoDelegate buildQuery, long? first = \fCnull\fP, string alias = \fCnull\fP)"

.PP
Tracking information associated with the fulfillment, such as the tracking number and tracking URL\&. 
.PP
\fBParameters\fP
.RS 4
\fIfirst\fP Truncate the array result to this size\&. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Achroma from the source code\&.
